Hi everybody,
I am Nurgul and I live in Germany. I wrote this book when I was stuck at home at the times of Coronavirus. I always imagined of the life 
I want to have and always thought what would happen if I was a fictional character. So, one day I decided to write a book in which the main character is me, but in a
really different way. Everything she has is not real, even her appearance. In the first part of the book this girl or more accurately Jess goes to a boarding school. The
reason is she is being bullied and hates her school. I got this idea because I was being bullied too. When I was 10, I was using a school bus. And there was a really
strange boy in there. I was new to the school and I didn’t know anybody, but bye chance I became close friends with that boy’s sister. She was kind of different, but
otherwise she was a really good friend or at least I thought so at that time. One day we had an argument and she said we could NOT be friends anymore. At first, I asked
her to forgive me, but when she didn’t, I said to her that I didn’t want to be friends with her either. I assured myself that I didn’t care about her friendship, but I
knew that I did care about its deep down. Anyway, after some time, I made lots of friends and forgot about my doubts. And I didn’t think it was a big deal because she was
a year smaller than me. However, after a week or more had passed I understood that I was wrong. She started coming really hard on me. But, don’t get me wrong she didn’t
bully me, her brother did. One day he said really hurtful things and I couldn’t take it anymore. So, I told my parents about it and they talked to school management about'
it. That boy got detention and that was all. For some time, he left me alone, but not for too long. He continued again and again. One day I told my teacher about it. She
was called Miss Mercy. Although she was not my mentor, she was the only teacher I could talk as my equal without getting involved in any formal stuff. Don’t get me wrong
my mentor teacher Miss Naila was really kind too, but Miss Mercy was different from her. She let me stay at class and study when everybody was outside (I hated going 
outside). I could use her electronic board find some information. I mean maybe she would do that to every student, but I kind of felt a bond with her. Anyway, when I told 
her about the bully, she recognized him because she had taught my REALLY GOOD FRIEND, Sona and my bully, Hamid was Sona’s brother. I don’t know what happened later, but 
Hamid got kicked out of the bus. Later I ended the war with Sona peacefully, but the truth is I don’t know how peaceful it is as she got kicked out of the bus just like 
her brother. In the following chapters of the story Jess fights a bully… In the second part of the book she finds out she had a cousin, but because of the family matters 
no one told her about it. As time flies, Jess meets her hidden family member and they unite again. Then she gets kidnapped… 
 I mean I did tell you that I took some parts from my life, but only bullying scene. I am just a normal girl with no adventure in my life. As I said before that is the 
 reason why this book is too unreal. What I mean is it’s impossible to have such a cool life.
